{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16580\viewh10640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For this homework, we had to do a lot of research because we were not familiar with Dex. So we referred to Course Assist to help us understand how we are expected to use the tool. We also asked Chatgpt for resource references that we could use to understand how Dex works. Through out the project, we asked Course Assist to help us debug our Flask routes, specifically app.route(\'91/auth/callback\'92) which is the original call back route given by the starter code. We asked Course Assist what we\'92re expected to do here and it gave us a general idea of what AuthO2 callback flow is and what is generally done. Then we continued to find an example online, which is cited for reference in our code. We also asked how redirection works with Dex and it showed us how the redirection url is formatted. We didn\'92t opt to use the starter code given later because it was too time consuming to try to figure out how to use it with our existing working code. Another area in our project where we used AI was for the unit testing for login status. Course Assist suggested that we could test login status and authentication status together and gave some hints on what could be useful. We also referenced another source online in the code. }